Document new `.gitignore` examples (#8094)
stylelint/stylelint: docs/user-guide/ignore-code.md

The patterns in your `.stylelintignore` file must match [`.gitignore` syntax](https://git-scm.com/docs/gitignore). (Behind the scenes, [`node-ignore`](https://github.com/kaelzhang/node-ignore) parses your patterns.) _Your patterns in `.stylelintignore` are always analyzed relative to `process.cwd()`._

> Stylelint looks for a `.stylelintignore` file in `process.cwd()`. You can also specify a path to your ignore patterns file (absolute or relative to `process.cwd()`) using the `--ignore-path` (in the CLI) and [`ignorePath`](options.md#ignorepath) (in JS) options. For example, you can specify a `.gitignore` file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Stylelint looks for a `.stylelintignore` file in `process.cwd()`. You can also specify a path to your ignore patterns file (absolute or relative to `process.cwd()`) using the `--ignore-path` (in the CLI) and [`ignorePath`](options.md#ignorepath) (in JS) options.  

For convenience, if a `.gitignore` file is already present it can be substituted for `.stylelintignore`
e.g.
```
